Clarified sending mechanism for Kube secrets (#443)
astronomer/docs: cloud/stable/04_customize-airflow/04_kubepodoperator.md

}
```

> **2.** Once you have that JSON output, reach out to us via our [Support Portal](https://support.astronomer.io). From there, send the output to your Astronomer representative using a secure channel such as [Secrets](https://secrets.procore.com/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**2.** Once you have that JSON output, reach out to us via our [Support Portal](https://support.astronomer.io). Given the sensitivity of these credentials, we'll recommend a secure channel (such as [Secrets](https://secrets.procore.com/)) for you to send this output to our team.
```
